# blockchain-developer-bootcamp-final-project


I already have a team working on a blockchain based dApp. Our aim is to create a DeFi dApp that is intuitive to use and simplifies investing throught blockchain-based protocols, providing intuitive interface, gamification of investing and seamless bridges integration between all the major chains. At the moment we are finishing the first iteration of our DEX which will be the first feature (actualy aimed for a little more experienced user). The next feature we will be adding will be one click stable coin yield farming. After that we will be working on a hybrid NFT project and this is something I would like to focus on for my project with the bootcamp. The NFT part will allow anyone to buy one of a kind photo/video of an instagram celebrity. These NFTs will have many perks including: each NFT will come with a couple pieces of clothing used by the celebrity during NFT creatin. Owners of NFTs will also have early access to the celebrities' closet clothing sales and exclusive access to yearly live events with them. As our aim is to bring regular people to our platform we are aiming to allow them to get the NFTs using traditional money forms. We are still working on a few technical solutions as we try to figure out how to connect the ease of use of traditional payment methods with the need of having a wallet and access to the blockchain in order to hold an NFT. As soon as I have more details in regard to the solutions we chose I will post it here in this file. At this time I will aslo create a more in-detail overview of the work that needs to be done. For now our platform uses Moralis and we support Ethereum, BSC and Polygon (to be added soon). Here is the link https://krypto.army/, There are a lot of changes coming to this beta version within the next 3-4 weeks :) 
